Describe wrapperAttr and e.cancel in onShowing for overlays (#2604)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxOverlay/1 Configuration/wrapperAttr.md

---
---
##### shortDescription

> Specifies the <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes" target="_blank">global attributes</a> for the UI component's wrapper element.

Reviewer: So what's wrapper?

    import { BrowserModule } from '@angular/platform-browser';
    import { NgModule } from '@angular/core';
    import { AppComponent } from './app.component';

    import { Dx{WidgetName}Module } from 'devextreme-angular';

    @NgModule({
        declarations: [
            AppComponent
        ],
        imports: [
            BrowserModule,
            Dx{WidgetName}Module
        ],
        providers: [ ],
        bootstrap: [AppComponent]
    })
    export class AppModule { }

##### Vue

    <!-- tab: App.vue -->
    <template>
        <Dx{WidgetName} ...
            :wrapper-attr="{widgetName}Attributes">
        </Dx{WidgetName}>
    </template>

    <script>
    import Dx{WidgetName} from 'devextreme-vue/{widget-name}';

    export default {
        components: {
            Dx{WidgetName}
        },
        data() {
            return {
                {widgetName}Attributes: {
                    id: 'elementId',
                    class: 'class-name'
                }
            }
        }
    }
    </script>

##### React

    <!-- tab: App.js -->
    import React from 'react';

    import {WidgetName} from 'devextreme-react/{widget-name}';

    function App() {

>         const {widgetName}Attributes = {

Reviewer: Declare the object outside the function or wrap it in `useMemo`: https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/Guide/React_Components/Component_Configuration_Syntax/#Properties_of_the_Object_Type

---
---
##### shortDescription

> Specifies the <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes" target="_blank">global attributes</a> for the UI component's wrapper element. The wrapper is the first element in the UI component's container and ususally has the `dx-overlay-wrapper` class.

Reviewer: > The wrapper is the first element in the UI component's container and ususally has the `dx-overlay-wrapper` class.

Let's move this to the full description.

Can we show the resulting markup and indicate where the atributes will be put, where the content will be, etc.?

Author: @RomanTsukanov How about giving a screenshot and/or a link to the codesandbox?

        ],
        providers: [ ],
        bootstrap: [AppComponent]
    })
    export class AppModule { }

##### Vue

    <!-- tab: App.vue -->
    <template>
        <Dx{WidgetName} ...
            :wrapper-attr="{widgetName}Attributes">
        </Dx{WidgetName}>
    </template>

    <script>
    import Dx{WidgetName} from 'devextreme-vue/{widget-name}';

    export default {
        components: {
            Dx{WidgetName}
        },
        data() {
            return {
                {widgetName}Attributes: {
                    id: 'elementId',
                    class: 'class-name'
                }
            }
        }
    }
    </script>

##### React

    <!-- tab: App.js -->
    import React, { useMemo } from 'react';

    import {WidgetName} from 'devextreme-react/{widget-name}';

    function App() {
        const {widgetName}Attributes = useMemo(() => {
            return {
                id: 'elementId',
                class: 'class-name'
            }
        }, []);

        return (
            <{WidgetName} ...
                wrapperAttr={{widgetName}Attributes}>
            </{WidgetName}>
        );
    }
    export default App;

---

> The code above produces the markup similar to this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The code above specifies the `id` and `class` attributes for the wrapper element and produces the markup similar to this:
```

    <!--HTML--><body>
        <div id="elementId" class="dx-overlay-wrapper dx-{widgetname}-wrapper class-name" ... > 

>         <!-- This is the wrapper element. This element belongs to an element defined by the `container` property. -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <!-- The following is the wrapper element. -->
        <!-- It is nested inside an element defined by the `container` property (`<body>` by default). -->
```

            <div class="dx-overlay-content">

>             <!-- This element contains toolbars and component content. -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            <!-- The following element contains toolbars and component content. -->
```

                <div class="dx-{widgetname}-content" ... >

>                 <!-- This is the content element. It displays the component's content specified in the `contentTemplate` property. -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                <!-- The following element displays content specified in the `contentTemplate`. -->
```

        ],
        providers: [ ],
        bootstrap: [AppComponent]
    })
    export class AppModule { }

##### Vue

    <!-- tab: App.vue -->
    <template>
        <Dx{WidgetName} ...
            :wrapper-attr="{widgetName}Attributes">
        </Dx{WidgetName}>
    </template>

    <script>
    import Dx{WidgetName} from 'devextreme-vue/{widget-name}';

    export default {
        components: {
            Dx{WidgetName}
        },
        data() {
            return {
                {widgetName}Attributes: {
                    id: 'elementId',
                    class: 'class-name'
                }
            }
        }
    }
    </script>

##### React

    <!-- tab: App.js -->
    import React, { useMemo } from 'react';

    import {WidgetName} from 'devextreme-react/{widget-name}';

    function App() {
        const {widgetName}Attributes = useMemo(() => {
            return {
                id: 'elementId',
                class: 'class-name'
            }
        }, []);

        return (
            <{WidgetName} ...
                wrapperAttr={{widgetName}Attributes}>
            </{WidgetName}>
        );
    }
    export default App;

---

> The code above specifies the `id` and `class` attributes for the wrapper element and produces the markup similar to this:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The code above specifies the `id` and `class` attributes for the wrapper element and produces markup similar to this:
```
